1 Do I go back to China immediately after the contract expires in Innosys Pte Ltd?
2 Do I renew the contract with Innosys Pte Ltd? 
3 Do I wait for the update from earth9.com on my SP?
4 Do I go on looking for other opportunities?

The best choice would be: 

1 The most important point to consider in career is: 
 If I work on my own, where are the market, what can I do to satisfy the
 requirements to make money?
 If I work for others, do they have good(rich) customers? Are they a well org-
 anized and efficient group?
 The choice of technology is less improtant than the above points, but working on
 a good technology is also important.

2 Based on the above thinking, it's not the time for me to create my own produ-
 cts I'm afraid. I don't have enough money, and I don't know the market yet. I
 don't want to risk myself at the moment.
  It's neither the time to go back to China, I don't believe the economy is he-
 althy. So let me stay in Singapore for now.
  And if staying in Singapore and work for others, I need to find a good company
 to work for.
  Now earth9.com has gave me the job offer, and the package is good, it also has 
 many good(rich) customers. So the conclusion is:

3 I try to make sure earth9.com go on applying the SP for me, because earth9 agree-
 d to give me a very good package, and it has many good(rich) customers.

4 I'll read through the e9sop, and give my feedback to Shirley to impress her
 today.

update 2015-04-01
5 I've confirmed that earth9.com is applying the s pass for me, although the one
 who's applying does not reply to me yet, but Shirley still agrees to give me the
 job and asked HR about the application status.

6 Now, what's next?
 1) Shirely agreed to apply for my s pass on 27th Mar, 11:30 a.m., it was Friday.
 2) Assume HR applied on 30th, Monday, it has been 3 days(including today). As the
  information I collected from the web, it usually takes 1 to 2 days only to get
  the ipa, up to 10 days.
 3) So I wait till 6th, the next Monday, see if they reply me with the status.  
 4) I won't stay in ipl for these two reasons:
  a) ipl does not have an s pass quota
  b) if ipl is going to fake my salary again, it will be 4800SGD, unacceptable

2015-04-06 updates

summary:

1 earth9.com sent me the job offer formally, I signed and returned it to thier hr
2 I decided not to accept any contracts from innosys
3 wait for the updates from earth9.com side

2015-04-13 updates

1 I already sent the formal resignation letter to Mr. Lam my current boss
2 Mr. Lam agreed on my resignation this afternoon
3 I updated the above status to Shirley, and Shirley confirmed again my start date is 18th May
4 what's next?
  4.1 in working hours, still work on the Messaging System, the job belongs to the boss, but
    the career belongs to myself
  4.2 after working hours, learn the technologies required by earth9.com
  4.3 wait for my current contract to expire 
